DVC-8692 [chore]: update Self Targeting CLI commands docs (#401)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/extras/advanced-targeting/self-targeting.md

#### Get

To retrieve all active Overrides for a project, run the following command:

```bash
dvc overrides list
```

> To retireve the Overrides for a specific feature and envirnoment, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the Overrides for a specific feature and environment, run the following command:
```
